okay we're going to work on this fun
movie poster template it's a matrix poof
off and i have my template up and i have
my photo that i'm going to put in the
template what I've done is I've
extracted the background from this photo
it had a white background so I just used
my magic wand and I remove the
background quickly just so that I could
show you how to do this let me just show
you some areas some layers we have here
okay in our template we have this is
that the changeable text is below we
have these words that can be changed
this is our front so I'm going to turn
it off so you can see what it does this
is our extracted person this is our
background so you can turn off and on
these layers and this one doesn't really
show unless you turn off other layers
this backdrop layer okay so the first
thing I'm going to do is I'm going to
highlight my layer that has my person in
it right now so that our layer that I
dragged in we'll be right above it so
here I go drag it in and there's my lair
it's in the appropriate spot now I'm
just going to make it bigger so I'm
going to press my shift key and drag
this corner press Enter okay now my
original photo has a glow around it in
the effects so I'm going to right-click
this copy layer style come to my new
layer and paste layer style and then I'm
going to turn off my original layer so
now my new layers in there
ok now I'm going to come up here and
just make some modifications it asks if
that it could change the layout and I'm
going to say ok and we'll change this to
Bobby Smith I think I have an extra
space and you can change this
information down here you can change all
this but this matrix revealed
information here this cannot be changed
ok now I'm going to go back press my alt
and you can see that it's completely
changed mmm typo here ok that's how easy
it is to add a extracted photo to this
template enjoy
you